Farmers' Market Fried Rice
ingredients
veggies
shallot
brown rice
soy-sauce
white pepper
stir fry

1-Pot Chickpea Tomato Peanut Stew (West African-Inspired)
Ingredients
2 Tbsp coconut, olive, or avocado oil (if avoiding oil, sub water) 
1 medium red or white onion, diced 
1 large red bell pepper, diced (seeds and stems removed) 
6 cloves garlic, minced (6 cloves yield ~3 Tbsp or 18 g) 
1 large pinch sea salt 
2 14-ounce cans diced tomatoes 
1/2 cup tomato paste 
2-4 tsp chili garlic sauce (or sub cayenne to taste) 
1 cup natural, salted peanut or almond butter (creamy or chunky) 
2 cups light coconut milk 
2 15-ounce cans chickpeas, rinsed and drained 
2 cups water, depending on desired thickness 

Instruction
1. Heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Once hot, add oil (or water), onion, red pepper, garlic, and a large pinch of salt. Cook for 3-5 minutes, stirring frequently or until peppers and onions are softened.
2. Add the tomatoes (with their juices), tomato paste, chili garlic sauce, peanut butter, coconut milk, and (rinsed, drained) chickpeas. Stir to combine. Add water to desired thickness — about 2 cups (480 ml // as original recipe is written).
3. Bring to a simmer, then lower heat, cover, and continue cooking until slightly thickened and fragrant — about 15-20 minutes. Turn the heat down if it's boiling — you're looking for a low simmer.
4. Taste and adjust seasonings as needed, adding salt to taste, additional peanut butter for depth of flavor and creaminess, chili garlic sauce for heat, or tomato paste for tomato flavor.
5. Serve as a stew, over rice, or with naan or pita. For a lighter option, serve over cauliflower rice or a bed of raw or steamed broccoli (which happens to be our favorite). Basil and cilantro are delicious finishing touches.
6. Store cooled leftovers covered in the refrigerator up to 3-4 days, or in the freezer up to 1 month. Reheat in the microwave or on the stovetop, adding more water or coconut milk to thin as needed.

pasta just with tomato sauce and think of some veggie toppings such as tofu, mushroom

Spanish Tortilla
ingredients
3 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil, divided 
1 small onion, thinly sliced 
1 cup precooked diced red potatoes, (see Tip) 
1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme 
½ teaspoon smoked paprika 
6 large eggs 
4 large egg whites 
½ cup shredded Manchego, or Jack cheese 
3 cups baby spinach, roughly chopped 
½ teaspoon salt 
½ teaspoon freshly ground pepper 
instruction
1. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, 3 to 4 minutes. 2. Add potatoes, thyme and paprika and cook for 2 minutes more. Lightly whisk eggs and egg whites in a large bowl. Gently stir the potato mixture into the eggs along with cheese, spinach, salt and pepper until combined. 
3. Wipe the pan clean; add the remaining 1 teaspoon oil and heat over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture, cover and cook until the edges are set and the bottom is browned, 4 to 5 minutes (it will still be moist in the center). To flip the tortilla, run a spatula gently around the edges to loosen them. 
4. Invert a large plate over the pan and turn out the tortilla onto it. Slide the tortilla back into the pan and continue cooking until completely set in the middle, 3 to 6 minutes. 
Tips
Store airtight in the refrigerator for up to 1 day.
Look for precooked diced potatoes in the refrigerated section of most supermarket produce departments.

miso soup

acorn squash roast

bean and veggie stew

Ingredients (20)
1/4 cup olive oil
2 medium yellow onions, large dice
Kosher salt
1 1/4 teaspoons ground ginger
1 (3-inch) cinnamon stick
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/4 teaspoon ground cumin
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
Pinch saffron threads
Freshly ground black pepper
1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes (about 3 large), large dice
1 pound carrots (about 4 to 5 medium), peeled and large dice
1 pound parsnips (about 4 medium), peeled and large dice
3 cups low-sodium vegetable broth
2 pounds sugar baby pumpkin or butternut squash (about 1 small), peeled, seeded, and large dice
1 pound sweet potatoes (about 2 medium), peeled and large dice
1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, also known as garbanzo beans, drained and rinsed (about 1 1/2 cups)
1/2 cup golden raisins
1 bunch spinach, trimmed and washed (about 4 cups loosely packed)
1 1/2 tablespoons cider vinegar, plus more as needed
Instruction
1. Heat the oil in a large frying pan over medium heat until shimmering. Add the onions and a pinch of salt and cook over medium heat until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the ginger, cinnamon, coriander, cumin, cayenne, saffron, and a pinch of pepper and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute.
2.Transfer the mixture to a slow cooker, add the potatoes, carrots, parsnips, and broth, season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Cover and cook on high for 1 1/2 hours.
3.Add the pumpkin or squash, sweet potatoes, chickpeas, and raisins, season with salt, and stir to combine. Cover and continue to cook on high until a knife easily pierces the vegetables, about 2 hours more, stirring after 1 hour. Add the spinach and gently mix (do not overmix). Let sit until wilted. Gently stir in the vinegar, taste, and season with more salt, pepper, and vinegar as needed.

Try myself
bean, dried mushroom, carrot, spinach, leek, thyme, pasley
